README.md, before:

# Claude Code Configuration

This repository contains my **global Claude Code configuration** — skills, agents, and project instructions designed to be used across all projects when working with Claude AI.

## Components

### Skills (`skills/`)

[Claude Code Skills](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/skills) are custom code capabilities that extend Claude's ability to perform specific tasks, follow particular patterns, or apply specialized knowledge. Skills act as reusable instructions invoked with `/skill-name`.

Skills can include:
- **Coding conventions** and style preferences
- **Architecture patterns** and best practices
- **Testing strategies** and patterns
- **Framework-specific** patterns and idioms
- **Domain-specific** knowledge and approaches

### Agents (`.claude/agents/`)

[Custom agents](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/agents) are specialized sub-agents that Claude can spawn via the Task tool. Each agent has a specific purpose and can be configured with different models and instructions.

Current agents:
- **code-improvement-reviewer** — Reviews code for readability, performance, and best practices with concrete before/after suggestions

### Project Instructions (`.claude/CLAUDE.md`)

The [CLAUDE.md file](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/memory#claudemd) defines working relationship preferences and tooling guidelines that apply globally. This includes:
- Communication style (concise, no sycophancy)
- Tooling preferences (prefer Makefile targets, use Edit over sed)
- Collaboration norms (challenge assumptions, do things right)

## Global Configuration

Everything in this repository is intended to be **global** — applying across all projects rather than being specific to a single codebase. These are universal patterns, conventions, and preferences I want Claude to follow consistently.

## Structure

```
.claude/
├── CLAUDE.md           # Global project instructions
└── agents/
    └── *.md            # Custom agent definitions
skills/
├── coding-standards/
├── testing/
├── security/
└── ...
```

## Contributing

When adding to this repository:

1. Ensure additions are truly **global** and applicable across multiple projects
2. Write clear, concise descriptions that Claude can easily understand
3. Include examples where helpful
4. Avoid project-specific details or configurations
5. Test with Claude to ensure the desired behavior

## License

This repository contains personal coding skills and preferences. Feel free to use and adapt these skills for your own projects.

## Notes

I have a global gitignore that prevents `.claude/` from being committed. So I
have to `git add -f .claude/` every time I make a change.

Commit message:

feat(skill): add markdown-to-skill

README.md, after:

# Claude Code Configuration

This repository contains my **global Claude Code configuration** — skills, agents, and project instructions designed to be used across all projects when working with Claude AI.

## Components

### Skills (`skills/`)

[Claude Code Skills](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/skills) are custom code capabilities that extend Claude's ability to perform specific tasks, follow particular patterns, or apply specialized knowledge. Skills act as reusable instructions invoked with `/skill-name`.

Skills can include:

- **Coding conventions** and style preferences
- **Architecture patterns** and best practices
- **Testing strategies** and patterns
- **Framework-specific** patterns and idioms
- **Domain-specific** knowledge and approaches

### Agents (`.claude/agents/`)

[Custom agents](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/agents) are specialized sub-agents that Claude can spawn via the Task tool. Each agent has a specific purpose and can be configured with different models and instructions.

Current agents:

- **code-improvement-reviewer** — Reviews code for readability, performance, and best practices with concrete before/after suggestions

### Project Instructions (`.claude/CLAUDE.md`)

The [CLAUDE.md file](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/memory#claudemd) defines working relationship preferences and tooling guidelines that apply globally. This includes:

- Communication style (concise, no sycophancy)
- Tooling preferences (prefer Makefile targets, use Edit over sed)
- Collaboration norms (challenge assumptions, do things right)

## Global Configuration

Everything in this repository is intended to be **global** — applying across all projects rather than being specific to a single codebase. These are universal patterns, conventions, and preferences I want Claude to follow consistently.

## Structure

```
.claude/
├── CLAUDE.md           # Global project instructions
└── agents/
    └── *.md            # Custom agent definitions
skills/
├── go-api/
├── go-testing/
├── project-plan/
└── ...
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you need to generate Markdown files for the `markdown-to-skill` Skill, then
> you can use [`rodydavis/agent-skills-generator`][agent-skills-generator].

```
git clone https://github.com/rodydavis/agent-skills-generator.git

cd agent-skills-generator

cat <<EOF > .skillcontext
https://www.fastly.com/documentation/developers/*
https://docs.fastly.com/*
EOF

go run main.go crawl
```

## Contributing

When adding to this repository:

1. Ensure additions are truly **global** and applicable across multiple projects
1. Write clear, concise descriptions that Claude can easily understand
1. Include examples where helpful
1. Avoid project-specific details or configurations
1. Test with Claude to ensure the desired behavior

## License

This repository contains personal coding skills and preferences. Feel free to use and adapt these skills for your own projects.

## Notes

I have a global gitignore that prevents `.claude/` from being committed. So I
have to `git add -f .claude/` every time I make a change.

[agent-skills-generator]: https://github.com/rodydavis/agent-skills-generator
